Cumulus 1732 (#1521)
nasa/cumulus: tasks/python-reference-activity/README.md

# @cumulus/python-reference-activity

> This 'task' is a reference activity implementation that is included with Cumulus to allow integration testing of the `cumulus message adapter` and `cumulus-process-py` with a deployed activity.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This 'task' is a reference activity implementation that is included with Cumulus to allow integration testing of the Cumulus message adapter and `cumulus-process-py` library with a deployed activity.
```

Reviewer: I would also link `cumulus-process-py`

Author: 👍  will do

## Development

> Developmental use of this lambda is intended to be simple - the processing activity runs an activity through the CMA and returns a static processing output, integration tests can be then built against the `Reference Activity` step in the `PythonProcess` workflow in combination with the `Reference Task` step.

Reviewer: Does it really need to be combined with the Reference Task? You could integration test it individually since it returns static outputs?

Reviewer: What is the `PythonProcess` workflow?

Author: It doesn't *have* to be, no.      Given we're really testing single tasks, running it as a decoupled workflow seemed preferable, particularly given the remote configuration elements, but I'm happy to have that discussion

Reviewer: My question isn't really around how the testing is implemented, more the documentation. This documentation implies that you have to use it with the Reference Task for testing, which doesn't seem true?

Author: Hmm, no that's not, for the most part, true.  There's an implicit test here in that there's a two step process with a remote message component, but that's not what this doc is talking about.

Author: ```suggestion
Developmental use of this lambda is intended to be simple - the processing activity runs an activity through the CMA and returns a static processing output, integration tests can be then built against the `Reference Activity` step in the `PythonProcess` workflow. 
```

### Requirements

To develop against this task, you should be using python > 3.6 (CMA compatibility is baselined at 3.6).    Once you have a python env enabled:

```bash
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

### Build

To update the container for a PR, you should run:

```bash
docker build -t cumuluss/cumulus-process-activity:{VERSION} .
docker push cumuluss/cumulus-process-activity:{VERSION}
```

Then update [`python_reference_workflow.tf`](https://github.com/nasa/cumulus/blob/master/example/cumulus-tf/python_reference_workflow.tf) `python_processing_service` resource to utilize the correct image reference.

> ***Note*** the activity will *not* make use of the CMA lambda layer in the same way `cumulus-ecs-task` does, as this module has not been similarly developed to pull down a deployed lambda and it's layers.    The current workflow is for users to create an image *per* task similar to this reference implementation and deploy that instead.

Reviewer: Need to ask about this offline

> ***Note*** the activity will *not* make use of the CMA lambda layer in the same way `cumulus-ecs-task` does, as this module has not been similarly developed to pull down a deployed lambda and it's layers.    The current workflow is for users to create an image *per* task similar to this reference implementation and deploy that instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
***Note*** the activity will *not* automatically include the CMA in the same way `cumulus-ecs-task` does, as this module has not been similarly developed to pull down a deployed lambda and its layers. The current workflow for integrating the CMA with activities is for users to create an image *per* activity, where the CMA is brought is as a dependency of `cumulus-process-py` or the module itself, and deploy that instead.
```

Author: ```suggestion
***Note*** the activity will *not* automatically include the CMA in the same way `cumulus-ecs-task` does, as this module has not been similarly developed to pull down a deployed lambda and its layers. The current workflow for integrating the CMA with python activities is for users to create an image *per* activity, where the CMA is brought is as a dependency of `cumulus-process-py` or the module itself, and deploy that instead.
```
